It's not me saying this, it's all in your
report. Yes, the eastern direction is
how you turn it. Wait, from the eastern
direction, no matter how you turn it, it's east on the compass,
at least. I
definitely won't be in this country if we're wrong. I
think that this  the country will not be able to
exist with such if we are
wrong with such
meanness good afternoon
hello Good afternoon yes look I am
asking people from Russia how do you
feel about the war in
Ukraine Damn we have a bad attitude towards the war in Ukraine
That is you think that what
yours did was wrong  the state that
She led troops into Ukraine not this is
right Oh so And
why Well so that there would be no war we have a
bad attitude towards war so Yeah I get it that
is you have a bad attitude towards war and
therefore you support the introduction of
your country's troops into our country so that there would be no war
wars yes yes so And why was it necessary
What kind of war would have happened because
you did not lead your troops in the sense that it
happened It went what kind of what You
yourself are all there war war war war
no no  look Wait, here,
uh, your troops invaded the territory of
Ukraine so that there would be no
war so that there would be no war yes But
it turns out that you started the war so that there would be no
war No, we came to stop the war to stop
the war just like you stopped it, you
withdrew it
Yeah, I get it And who are we with there  America
fought with Belarusians with Moldova No, you
fought with Russians who lived on
the territory of
Ukraine seriously And what kind of Russians are
we there? Well, you know everything yourself
in Donbass in Luhansk region there lived
Russians and killed them We fought with them
as we killed them as we killed them  like a weapon
Wait, you were shooting something, blowing something up,
I just opened the OSCE report every
day every day Wait, stop, stop,
stop, one more time, let me understand for myself, it
turns out that Ukraine
decided so, let's
beat the Bass, so from what year, yes And
started killing, yes, yes A
why why yes Well probably you didn't
want them to live well there And
why in Kharkov for example in
Kharkov there are also a lot of Russian-speaking
people there maybe even Russians Why
didn't Ukraine kill Russians  in Kharkov
and I didn't talk about
Russian speakers That's about Russians why
Ukraine didn't kill Russians in Kharkov
because it was in Donetsk
and in
Luhansk that Russians became against the government
that seized power in Ukraine the
government that seized
power so it's difficult for the government that
seized
power to give
in history in 2014 so how did
military actions begin
in Ukraine well in the Donetsk
region
Well people who lived in the Donetsk region
in Donetsk
Lugansk they became against that government no
no Look, you say that
military actions began, here is what day
military actions began in
fourteenth year well your
people arrived I mean from the central part and
western part of Ukraine and started in Kai
here is the date you can Here is the first Russian when
5 seconds passed on the Internet for without the
Internet Let's Here we are now Why
video I'm not talking about the fact
that  when when the first Russians
began in Donbass Let's
go for a walk I'm
interested Well, and you yourself didn't google it I
understand No, no
[music]
googled maybe he has the right I'm
interested Yes, what date did you  you name it and then I'll
tell you how the war started well
that is you haven't tried that's exactly the
phrase to hammer in here I know the
war started with the fact that on April 12,
1000,
2014 so Russian militants from Russia
so under the command of
special forces there your there or  FSB officer
who is he Strelkov Yes Girkin entered the
Ukrainian city of Slavyansk so Slavyansk
Slavyansk and seized the police station
and established there their own kind of proxy
power like this so they started seizing as
victims well they seized look they seized the
police station they with a grenade launcher with
a grenade launcher Wait that is a military
seizure  that is, people from another country from
Russia come and seize a police station in Ukraine
And after 2 days the
actual anti-terrorist operation began
yeah Yeah, I told you there were Russian
troops So wait, what are you
googling there you've been googling for a long time on Google
when finally  the first Russian was killed by the
evil ones from Central and Western
Ukraine Well, well, well, when on  googled
when when did it all start Why are
you rushing me you only had time to
gather your thoughts How many years is it not so for
me it's just for me I thought you were already there
on google You've been there for a long time your
Google is kind of weak
not for me not Google  I have Yandex Yandex
Oh yeah It's weaker it's pretty
fast Google can find it faster but it's
American you can't Why can't you
just find it more convenient for me in
Yandex oh maybe in this one in ube it's better there it
seems like it's Shinske it and you tell me the date
here  I told you when
the war started from Where did they
start you are talking about the fact that
Russians or Russians came in there Yes Russians are
citizens of Russia yes exactly
citizens citizens of Russia yes there
were no locals there were locals recruited then and
what Well they attacked locals  No,
look, even Girkin Strelkov
said that his group's entry into
Slavyansk started this
war. Before that, everything was generally calm and
peaceful there. Yeah, and they entered and did
it.  militants started to arrive with Russian
military personnel and so on. Now
look, what part of Russia are you from?
Right now I
am in Moscow, in Moscow, and here you are. And for
some reason I hear that people are somewhere from
Moscow.  from some Siberia There and so
on they know more about what is
happening in Ukraine than what is
happening in Russia and you and you have never
communicated here with the guys from
Donetsk and Lugansk so I am not here In
roulette I communicated live with  guys from
Donetsk and Lugansk And I
was talking here and they were talking about exactly this,
about how we were against
it, look, you're probably sitting in
Moscow in some virtual world like that
And do you know how many
people aren't You  you don't come to Ukraine
When were you in
Ukraine Yes, I was in Ukraine when
We were still in the sports camp I
didn't work I didn't work to come here and
feel this atmosphere there are these
Banderites of some kind from Western and
Central  Ukraine right now Russia
watch Watch now Russia
bombed Russian-speaking So
why exactly Russia
who is not America
Wait They stood there and
bombed themselves that is They stood in residential
areas Well they were in the city Where
else are they located outside the city Are you
laughing  or what city to fence the city and
protect Wait you World
War II for example So when there was a blockade of
Leningrad howl the Soviets were in
Lenin
in Leningrad yes Well so why did
n't they go out let's go out into the open field Well as an evil
fascist so they should protect the city and
they stand  in the city that is yes there is even a
video flashing what are you doing here
why why Wait look again
look at Okra Why are you
laughing that is the invader comes and
says Stand where it will be convenient for me to
kill you
no and now there where there is no
civilians look so in the city there are
civilians anyway why are you going into the city That
is, it turns out you are coming with war to
someone else's territory  so you say oh damn
E we bombed a bunch of civilians
because it turns out that the troops
were in the cities of war they came against the war they
didn't come for the war Look
how many people have already been killed in
Ukraine by the Russians and civilians and military
how many And how many in Donbass
Oh here  look How many already if we even
take some kind of OSCE reports on
Donbass So how many died last
year, for example,
how many, well, it's very easy to look,
open it Well, if you look and
look at Mariupol, which
had 400,000 people in Mariupol, and
now Mariupol is all in  ruins if
Ukraine As you say 8 years bombed
Donbass so Donetsk Why Donetsk is standing and
Mariupol After 2 months already in ruins
all Because if you had gone there
like you went in February Well in
February you I would not have said that you
pr you you  it's no longer audible that
the microphone has moved somewhere you can
hear me Well, now
tell me again if they started
beating Donbass more actively then that  what
happened would have happened a little earlier not
So wait Look, you say
we killed 8 people in the summer in Donbass so
it turns out that Russia completely destroyed Mariupol in 2 months
In 2 months
And Ukraine somehow didn't destroy Donetsk in 8 years what
if if you  would have used weapons more
seriously and more actively
what happened now in
February it would have happened a little earlier
Wait and you understood this perfectly well and
yours it turns out that we did not bomb
Donbass So we did not destroy Donetsk
like that No you
bombed it bombed it with such  the frequency
that allowed you allowed you to
say there that there was an
anti-terrorist operation going on and not
genocide look again Eh this and this
allowed the OSCE mission to be present there
this allowed Wait look again
you say that 8 years look 8 years this is
if we look at 12 months  So it will be
how much 80 + 16 96 months 96 months
Ukraine without stings dream Yes so Bombed
Donbass so  well, for some reason it's standing, everything is
fine, people live, and in this, and
Mariupol, everything is in ruins after 2
months of Russian counteraction to the war,
yeah, and you, I apologize when was the last one,
at least one report, there are
daily mission reports, don't
look again  Wait, you now
want to swamp all this with a report, here is
the reality, look at Donetsk, Donetsk is standing
like this, everything is there, Mariupol is erased, if
the land is an OSCE mission, specifically everyone,
look at
250 violations of the peace and shooting, no less than
RITI explosions daily, and you now have
enough conscience to tell me about that  what did
we bomb there if we had bombed we would have
leveled there look No
look you I will say So you belong to
such a category of Russians you know
cynical hypocrites cynical hypocrites I
called them Look who let's do
it Russia dropped air bombs on
Mariupol Listen  was I there or something I'm
not a soldier stop stop stop so you have swelling there
read Well, Russia dropped
air bombs on Mariupol don't give up
reports reports Let's Russia
with Russia dropped air bombs on
Mariupol I don't know Wait you
were just so much
Obi I'm telling you now yes I'm opening the
OSCE mission Come on no wait look
Russia Bombed
Mariupol
Mariupol  I can only rely on not on
these words of yours which are
biased in any case Wait Russia
Bombed Mariupol no
aviation Russia Bombed the troops that
resist And before that which
bombed Donbass Wait that Russia
Bombed Mariupol
so Russia could only bomb the troops
That is it is like this  they'll say a bomb so
I'll drop air bombs on the troops so I'll
just drop them on a tank so and then
what will happen Yes, here's the OSCE
mission to
record multiple launch rocket systems
what are you talking about what year what date in
general And this is the fifth year I'm closing
Close What mission  the obs is
not letting anyone in now Russia is
there we bombed Mariupol
he  was ours it turns out your troops
were bombing then yes these terrorists Well
you said it yourself wait now let's
see who is who according to them in the fifteenth
year Ukraine controlled Mariupol
Now let's see who is according to the report you
can do yours too because for Zdra Well
let's do it I'm interested  what's in the report
in '15 it's funny in general so
real really what's in the OSCE report who
bombed Mariupol in '15 the system is
scared for you so here finish
reading the report finish reading I'm interested in what's
in this report who bombed
Mariupol in
'15 Well  you see there they write observed
night volleys from the ZSO from the Eastern
direction
employees of the Ukrainian troops so
employees of the Missi Udel
direction of several hundreds what are you
happy there not so I still understand
what you are reading now Who
bombed
heard full pants of joy Well that's
right because  you confirmed it was
n't me that it turns out Mariupol
was shelled in 1915 Yes, your
Russian terrorists from the Eastern
direction It wasn't me saying this in
your
ote eastern direction is like Turn direction no matter how you turn by compass east is in the east How no matter how you turn East does not go to the east Damn obs Eshki Yes sde a Well look Yes indeed Zakharchenko noted that He gave the order Open fire to suppress the position of Ukrainian security forces in the east Mariupol only after Kyiv decided to blame it on the full for the mistaken shelling of residential areas, so you see. That is, it turns out that Zakharchenko, yes, that is, these terrorists did shell Mariupol, so and This is VI, it was not I who came up with the report, after all, if you read the reports thoughtfully so you can get a very interesting picture Well of course there you need to collect it, a whole organization should have two professionals like you and me, I see you've even started to smile Yes, he drove you in beautifully with this Yes, what's beautiful Well, he drove you in You confirmed it with your report you see my words what what he bombed what from the side of Donbass bombed bombed Mariupol Peaceful Mariupol Yes  Ukrainian troops nezhe said yes where is
this same survived just now Zakharchenko Yes from the
Eastern direction bombed Mariupol
Well Bingo
just yes for the end noted that he gave the
order to open fire knowledge I understood Yes
security forces to the east of
Mariupol that is bombed yes bombed
Mariupol yes And now let's go back to 2022
year That is, who, what country,
what country's army dropped a bomb, an air bomb,
for example, on the Drama Theater in Mariupol, where there
were a bunch of refugees hiding, so Russia
dropped an air bomb and about 600
people died there,
yes, yes, well, if that's the case, then it will be
investigated,
yes, you all know how, like, what kind of Russian  you
won't ask there about the atrocities in Bucha about the
murder of people in Mariupol there will
be an investigation there will be an investigation
yes And look Russia shot down a Boeing so
then
remember an hour
based on the opinion of the Ukrainian side
we will talk about the fact that our troops
are engaged in genocide of
Ukrainians Ukrainian population Well, you are
generally Yourselves  you understand This is generally
possible No, of course, what or can't the
Russians do this  genocide
Of course not How no they have been doing it more than
once they have been doing it Well
why when
did they do it Yes in the 10th century Yes I don't know what
Dava let's finish about
the bombing of Mariupol I'll tell you about
the bombing of Mariupol so that you don't
run away from the topic to the topic Yes after all
who bombed
Mariupol air bomb Russia Bombed
air bomb
Mariupol In what year in
now so Russia I
can
assume that if there were
Ukrainian security forces who
bombed the eastern direction yes then in
response in response They could receive the
corresponding corresponding response That
is, I do not exclude this well that is it
turns out there  not if there were
definitely Ukrainian military there were definitely
Ukrainian military this is without if there are definitely Ukrainian
military there and around Mariupol there were definitely
Russian military Russian and
Russian aviation Bombed Mariupol
dropped bombs on Mariupol so and a
bomb aerial bomb You understand there are hundreds of thousands of
FABs So this is not selective  actions so
it so it is not an exact decision that there
aimed at tanks it banged tank it
demolishes a bunch of manpower  so we do
n't care whether you are a civilian or a
soldier, then it turns out that all these
dead civilians in Mariupol are
people, so from these Vokzal air bombs, so
you personally didn't die because of this, they
died because of shelling from your
side, that is, look at all of them
Russians for some reason when you say
some obvious things yes about there
no no they They
died from aerial bombs They probably died
from your shooting maybe That's how you
aerial bombs Poly who Look at the drama theater people
who eh hid in the drama theater in a
bomb shelter From this from the shelling so
they dropped this powerful bomb on the
drama theater, buried it under the rubble,
everyone there died, or almost
everyone, you, you, try, you know,
try, try, Google, that is, well, no one
denies it, even yours don't deny it. You
believe in Wikipedia that aviation is operating in Mariupol. No
I don't really but what are you doing there
Wikipedia
Yeah according to the Ukrainian
authorities theater  served as
bomb shelters for approximately 600 or 1,300
civilians
I can already see some sadness in your
eyes Well, look, the Ministry of the
Russian Federation, ROSI, do not strike
ground targets within the city limits of
Mariupol And who did
and what According to the stories of refugees from the fighters of the
Zov regiment, they posted  on the upper floors of the
theater there are firing points and they kept civilians in it,
they mined the building and
then blew it up with the purpose of provocation,
look, who bombed who, if not
Russia, then who dropped the air bombs,
look, who dropped
the air bombs, the Ukrainian side believes that
Russia bombed, Russia believes that
Azov was blown up  as they blew it up
it was an aerial bomb it was
n't an aerial bomb they blew up Yes what
mined the building then blew it up at sli
provocations Damn I got it in short Russia
you know throws throws aerial bombs I'm
reading to you I'm reading to you what's
written I Read you're reading there according to
some refugee's version  yeah, like there, that
is, the old woman said that the old woman said that
this is how it was yeah, that is, the whole world is watching, in short,
there is one thing, and here,
in short, look, the OSCE mission, the third party,
yeah, said that the Russian military is
responsible for the bombing of the Russian
theater, called it war
crimes, the OSCE, which you  trusts about
So well you see so after all Yes even the
OSCE mission which you trust
says that after all yes the Russians blew up
this theater Yes they threw a bomb here we
need to figure it out Yes when all the
Russians I see they are driven into a corner they
need to figure it out  yes, that is, it
turns out that look into the corner You are
not driving anyone Yes, how They wo
n't drive you Look, look, you, you have already
We have already We have already sorted it out So you were
telling a lie, like there about
the shelling and then it turns out you were
reading to me and it turned out that you
screwed up  that
these are the militants of this DPR yours and you
pro-Russian they shelled Mirny
Mariupol both from the Eastern side and from
an air bomb now too here is to say
that I didn't come up with it I came up with it
you see  They didn't shell peaceful Mariupol,
I didn't say anything about it,
well, I see from our conversation it's
already clear. That is, you
didn't say anything, I think there, well,
look, your goal is clear, to infect a shadow of
doubt, but I'll say right away that there are doubts,
I agree, look, that's what I want.
confirm Yes, what do I see I have different
characters about you there is no such thing there
categorically not everything there that is you are
at least trying to
figure it out somewhere to say you know about this
if we are wrong about the
situation then I think that Russia as such
will no longer exist We  we
think so too By the way yes yes I'm telling you that
at least I Well I don't know I can't call myself a
patriot there yes But except for Russia I do
n't need anything I don't need any other country
neither warm nor
hot I don't need any neither rich nor
poor I want to tell you  what if we are
wrong I am more than sure of this VNO vat
with such if we are wrong with such
meanness but you know what here a Most of the
population all my relatives all
my friends think sure and see that
this is a hopeless situation which of
course led  To  huge victims this is a
hopeless situation to
prevent significant even greater victims
You can say whatever you want
Yes, but the situation was going At such an angle
At
such an obtuse angle that there was no way out No,
look It seems to me that the situation
just shows that 8 in 8 years even
if  there
were no Ukrainian bombs there, not even in total for 8
years. So many victims as even in
Mariupol alone. So many in Kharkov, I
personally have a friend, a mathematician, she
died from shelling, that is, but I will
tell you. Yes, it is good that you want to
sort it out with you.  there is no such thing you know Hurray
patriotism that's where we will capture you
as some say there that is you are
at least trying to understand it's very
good that you are watching the same OSCE reports
so but how to understand them That's what I'm
saying You should come to Ukraine like
that  talked to people who are here so
many left Donetsk from Mariupol
so from
these militants so Why
is Donetsk under occupation and not developing
people do not want to go there people are leaving
there  from Donetsk to Kharkov so I have
a friend just in
Donetsk a lecturer of one branch of a
university in Russia from Donetsk She
on the contrary told everything perfectly
well everything is flourishing there yes Okay
good look we
talked Thank you for the conversation so that
is interesting we had Yes I would
really like to  yes, so that you study this topic
especially about Mariupol
because I see that the
Russians are telling us that And we
bombed Mariupol because the
military was hiding there, so
they had to go outside the city In purely Polyushko it was
not written like that by me  I say all the military they
guard the cities and it has always been like that that is
how it is written there that
according to our side they took hostages
people were kept on the first floors about the
microphone the
microphone
twitched Hello yes you can hear me well it is hard to
hear yes In general
look read  Yes, I will also read this from
my side and we will see in a
month or two how it will emerge and still you have a
very interesting version Yes, you said that
if it turns out that all this was That's such a
lie yes then Russia will no longer
exist
It seems to me that a lot of Russians Russians so in a month it's not even like they looked two months ago that we'll capture Kyiv in 3 days and if we're right you haven't thought about it if you're right Yes then a lot of people will think holy cow maybe we really are such a nation of fascists Banderovites it will not be the same for us it is clear what will happen And if you are wrong you will mark your point of view and because well what else is left for you Yes you have already lost so much but most likely if you are wrong then how such a country Ukraine well it will cease to exist quite quickly we know here in our national it turns out on the confrontation of the collapse of two states our anthem to be this and the goal by the way was look in in our in our anthem there are such words to disappear our armed Like dew in the sun What does that mean our our enemies enemies are like that they will disappear vanish like dew in the sun And so now I look out the window the Solar period is just beginning so May uh summer so and so it seems to me that this will be uh time  Victory of Ukraine so
so so Glory to Ukraine so so so Okay That's all
then Thank you yes The main thing is that they won't
grind down the interesting character Yes, you see,
having eaten well, and VN at least try to think
there I'll show you right now obs I'll
show you right now obs I'll show you right now obs and here
Chita, here in the 15th year There is like shelling to
Mariupol and such in m so wind Ukraine
and in 15 Ron, I think there from the Eastern
direction I am so immediately zava Yes,
you see, in reality, Russian Propaganda
just poured out a bunch of all sorts of Line
Woo and so and so it really stinks  they blow to
retire and if you say listen if it's
smart for 8 moats then there Ukraine bombed
mercilessly and somehow there were a lot of victims in
that the conflict is not so big as here in
two months they suddenly burst into
Mariupol in Kharkov and here some people have the same problem and here it starts And because they were hiding something like Yas there Azov here there are PD houses so no way Yas there was artillery shelling on Donbas so there are not PD houses so it's smart that's what it turns out And here The Armed Forces bombed the fact that Azov was there, Azov, that is, all over Mariupol, Azov, and that is why they bombed all of Mariupol, so I would Oh, damn, so Ale VN, having said a very, very good phrase, so I deserved it if we turn out to be wrong, yes, Russia will no longer be in such a stench there's already a lot of them, they're the first ones there in a couple of days, we'll take Kyiv in 3 days, and now, now, now, they're starting to finish the process in Russia, so the process of disintegration  Russian
statehood Mih now we see such a
glow so and then here where such you know
Like a snowball an avalanche and we press in to dosit
receiving historical hour hour uh
beginning of the collapse of the Russian Federation and
Our task To be catalysts of this
process that write Tes put like
share give us information  about the channel
So we mom access to a wide audience
so and loupe tsyu rock Slava ukraini letter
to my Telegram right now axis VN
apok this is very and very important YouTube takes
us through scarg or in your ban and very
many videos I do not show to people at times I do not
show information  about streaming Tom for that so
that we Mali operational links
are written right now and while there in telegra
okrim video also  interesting and useful
information and we will oblige you with the trima
permanent operational connection
independently in that che will show you about this
YouTube Glory to Ukraine write